this is a nutty one - there's a
conspiracy theory making their rounds
right now that claims Supreme Court
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is dead
they say she's been dead for weeks and
the Democrats are covering it up
to keep Trump from replacing her they
even up videos perpetuate one video with
thousands of views claims a hearse was
seen leaving her neighborhood which if
that's true it's a pretty bad cover-up
because you want to move a body you're
better off with an uber than a hearse
but where do these do where do they come
from these say I mean trust me Ruth
Bader Ginsburg is a lot she's headlining
Coachella this weekend but in order to
put this one arrest we decided to go
straight to the source and with that
said I'd like you to welcome live from
Washington the Honorable Ruth Bader
Ginsburg everybody please how are you
feeling Justice Ginsburg any day above
ground is a good day for me
you know Ruth vegans burger amy gets
burg right yeah sure yeah the important
the important thing is I ran 25 miles
and in a thousand crunches before
breakfast this morning Wow that isn't
that's impressive especially for a woman
of your age yes well you've got to keep
the old bod tight right Jim oh well yeah
that's right well so what do you have to
say that the people out there who
claiming you're dead
that is ridiculous Ruth Bader Ginsburg
er is not dead ensberg actually Ginsburg
don't interrupt me again you squinty
eyed hooter shooter sorry I am the
Supreme Court Justice lady I know you
are again sorry I apologize I'm sorry
now what was the question again um the
question will I ask what do you have to
say to the people who are claiming you
are dead well that is just nonsense I'm
feeling better than ever I I won my yoga
class this morning I was shouting so
much my tongue is claw I didn't know you
could win a yoga class I don't think
that's possible can you win a yoga class
why you if you correct me again I'll
have you thrown in the hoosegow you
Willie chicken steamer show some respect
to this and feminist icon you little
sorry I am having a little trouble
believing this as you Justice Ginsburg
oh yeah if I wasn't Ruth Bader Ginsburg
er could I do this yeah I think you
probably could oh so you think I'm just
a random loony who wandered in here high
as a kite off pain pills he stole from a
dog yeah maybe kind of bingo oh so you
admit you are not Justice Ginsburg no I
admit bingo was the name of the door he
bit me on the took us but I was so
goofed up on oxy I couldn't feel a damn
thing all right well I think you know
what we probably heard enough so thank
you sweetie self I took a big fist full
of xanies an hour ago and I'm about to
go anyway
[Applause]
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it